# Wordle
I implemented the core functionalities of wordle components. For initializeGame() I reset the game variables, generated a new random word, and reset the wordle board. For handleKeyPress(), I handled typing and pressing keys using regex detection and updated tiles accordingly, handled pressing enter which calls submitGuess(), and handled the backspace key which clears the current tile. For submitGuess(), I first checked if the guess was complete, then checked if the word was valid. If both conditions passed, then I checked each character in the guess against each character in the target word. I also updated the colors of the tiles accordingly (green for correct, yellow for present in the word, and grey for not in the word). For checkLetter(), to handle the correct case, I checked if the guess character was equal to the target word's character. To handle the absent case, I counted the number of the guess letters in the target and if that value was 0, then it was absent. This count value was also used to handle the present case. To handle duplicates, I kept track of the number of letters being used in the guess and first counted the number of exact matches since they get priority and use of target letters. Then I counted up the number of ‘yellow’ letters up to the current position of the word and added that to the number of letters being used. If the number of letters was less than the count value, that indicated letter was ‘present’. For updateGameState(), I showed the appropriate modal based on if the user guessed correctly or not. I also implemented showEndGameModal() which calculates the total number of guesses and creates the appropriate message and updates the user’s statistics.

Screenshots are also attached in the commits
